add content dumpster-diving@Iu0Qtk13RjrhHpSlm0uyh.md (#6514)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/cyber-security/content/dumpster-diving@Iu0Qtk13RjrhHpSlm0uyh.md

> ### Dumpster Diving
> 
> **What is "Dumpster Diving"?**
> 
> **Dumpster Diving** in the context of cybersecurity refers to the practice of searching through discarded materials in trash or recycling bins to find confidential information. This technique may seem unsophisticated, but it can be extremely effective in obtaining valuable data such as passwords, account information, network diagrams, or any other sensitive information that has not been properly destroyed.
> 
> ### Why is Dumpster Diving Dangerous?
> 
> - **Unauthorized Access**: Through Dumpster Diving, an attacker can gain access to critical information without needing to hack systems or networks.
> - **Underestimation of the Threat**: Many organizations underestimate the risk and fail to properly destroy documents or devices before discarding them.
> - **Easy to Execute**: It does not require advanced technical skills, making it an accessible threat for a wide range of attackers.
> 
> ### Real-World Examples of Dumpster Diving
> 
> - **Corporate Cases**: There have been multiple incidents where employees or external attackers have used Dumpster Diving to gather competitive information or commit fraud.
> - **Access to Personal Data**: Documents like bank statements, medical records, and other forms of personal identification have been found in the trash, leading to cases of identity theft.
> 
> ### How to Protect Against Dumpster Diving
> 
> 1. **Document Destruction**: Use shredders to destroy documents before discarding them.
> 2. **Secure Disposal of Devices**: Ensure that hard drives, USB drives, and other storage devices are securely erased and destroyed.
> 3. **Staff Awareness**: Train employees on the importance of information security and the proper disposal of documents.
> 4. **Disposal Policies**: Implement and enforce strict policies on the disposal of confidential information.
> 
> ### Useful Resources
> 
> - [@article@What is Dumpster Diving](https://powerdmarc.com/dumpster-diving-in-cybersecurity/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Dumpster Diving

Dumpster Diving in the context of cybersecurity refers to the practice of searching through discarded materials in trash or recycling bins to find confidential information. This technique may seem unsophisticated, but it can be extremely effective in obtaining valuable data such as passwords, account information, network diagrams, or any other sensitive information that has not been properly destroyed.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@What is Dumpster Diving](https://powerdmarc.com/dumpster-diving-in-cybersecurity/)

```

# Dumpster Diving

Dumpster Diving in the context of cybersecurity refers to the practice of searching through discarded materials in trash or recycling bins to find confidential information. This technique may seem unsophisticated, but it can be extremely effective in obtaining valuable data such as passwords, account information, network diagrams, or any other sensitive information that has not been properly destroyed.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [@article@What is Dumpster Diving](https://powerdmarc.com/dumpster-diving-in-cybersecurity/)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
